---
layout: post
title: "Kickoff"
---

Capitalism is the idea that the only optimizations worth pursuing are
denominated in units of currency, and solely maximize
profits and growth. No other maximizations, not sustainability,
health, happiness, nor self fulfillment across the entire population are
in scope. We just strip mine the planet and exploit each other for
mere cash. Hoarded wealth is the basest measure of a person, and we've
built our entire society around accumulating cash.

I heard an observation a couple of weeks ago, something to the effect of,
"Capitalism in its modern form was invented about 150 years ago, and it's
already caused an extinction crisis." I'm sorry to say that I'm just a
hostage to this inexorable march to our extinction, but I'm going to
leave a journal chronicling what I'm observing on this journey.


# Orange Man Bad

I may as well kick this off with a story about our current mascot for
untrammeled amorality Donald J Trump. On Thursday, the looter-in-chief
[nearly kicked off World War III](https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/president-trump-ordered-military-strike-iran-reversed-sources/story?id=63853570)
with a strike against Iran, only to call it off with ten minutes to spare,
claiming he was concerned about the estimated 150 casualties. Two of
[Fox News Grandpa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unMuQbVdINQ)'s [Audio in link 🔊]
orderlies,
Chris Wallace and Shep Smith, claim, "[This just doesn't add up](https://www.cnn.com/2019/06/22/media/fox-iran-chris-wallace-shep-smith/index.html)."
And for those of you unfamiliar with the terminology, the correct term
is "locked and loaded," not "[cocked and loaded](https://deadline.com/2019/06/cocked-loaded-twitter-takes-aim-at-trump-phrase-andrew-dice-clay-might-hold-clue-1202636213/),"
though the 45th president and walking meme may simply be a fan of Andrew Dice Clay.


# Hapless Joe Biden

The Democratic party believes that they lost the 2016 election based on
Russian meddling working to take us to hell with the votes of baskets of
deplorables. The true lessons of that loss are that bipartisanship is dead,
the party has gone as far as it can via the third way, and you just can't
carve out a winning position based on centrism in 2020.

Billionare barista and promoter of centrism Howard Schultz recently
[suspended his campaign](https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2019/06/howard-schultz-suspends-2020-campaign)
and laid off most of his staff. He claims the move is temporary and is
desgined to allow his back to heal after three surgeries, but realistically,
Biden is the centrist grandpa in the running for the Democratic nomination,
and Schultz is never going to be a competitive centrist candidate before the
Iowa caucuses.

AOC is staking out the future platforms of the left (which BTW, may not be
represented by the Democratic party for much longer); Bernie Sanders and
Elizabeth Warren, with over 140 years life experience between them, are
the most exciting candidates on the left during this long primary season;
and Hapless Joe Biden doesn't seem to realize that he may be the next
Walter Mondale on the Democratic Presidential slate should he be
unfortunate enough to win the nomination.

I haven't found any signs that the Democratic Party leadership can be
saved from itself as it continues to suckle at the teat of corporate money.
The party needs to figure out that the American people voted against the
status quo in 2016 and find a path forward from that before they lose the
2020 election.


# Age Fighting Man

I'm super impressed that they can put a new heart valve in a 75 year old
man and have him [dancing and singing for two hours just two months later](https://www.thedailybeast.com/mick-jagger-triumphant-as-rolling-stones-kick-off-no-filter-tour-at-soldier-field-in-chicago).
This doesn't sound like a procedure that can be performed laparoscopically.


# Ping Me

Got an interesting story I should check out? Send me a link to [extinctionwatch2084@gmail.com](mailto:extinctionwatch2084@gmail.com).